admin-center/color-codes.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Key to Color Coding in the Admin Center
category: admin-center
last_modified_at: "November 02, 2015"
tags: help-manual manage-users best-bets rss
sidenav: admin_center
redirect_from:
    - /manual/color-codes.html
---

We use color coding the [Admin Center](https://search.usa.gov/sites/) to indicate the status of a few types of items.

## [Manage Users]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/dashboard/users.html)

| Color | Status |
| :------------ | :---------------------------------- |
| No color&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Approved&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |
| Yellow  | Pending - requires approval or email verification |
| Red   | Not approved |

## [RSS Feeds]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/rss.html)

| Color | Status |
| :------------ | :---------------------------------- |
| Green&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Feed indexed, no errors&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |
| Yellow  | Pending Indexing |
| Red   | Feed indexed, but error in one or more items |
| &nbsp; | &nbsp; |

Click on the name of the feed to see more detailed information about its status. Possible error messages follow.

* 404 Not Found
* Feed looks empty
* Description can't be blank
* Title can't be blank
* Missing link field
* Missing pubDate field
* Link is not a valid URL
* Linked URL does not exist (HTTP 404)

## [Best Bets]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/best-bets.html): Text or Graphics

| Color | Status |
| :------------ | :---------------------------------- |
| Green&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  | Active&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |
| Yellow   | Inactive |
| &nbsp; | &nbsp; |

Active best bets are shown to searchers on your site. Inactive entries aren't shown to searchers because they're inactive, expired (by the publish end date), or both.

Commit message:

Dawnpm plain language review fixes (#70)
* MANY plain language review edits
- standardized to AP style for headings and bullet lists
- standardized to "typeahead" and "Search.gov" (when used as our name)
- added em and en dashes where appropriate in text blocks and lists
- removed i14y mentions from lists - pages will still be discoverable via search
- clarified a bunch of text
- some other changes that I discovered needed making along the way, e.g., added mention of the clicks API, moved Why Choose Search.gov to the About menu
- thanks to Ryan Johnson for the review
* attempt to force rebuild - just added a line break
* update security page - Finalize security page text
* tiny fixes
- remove double period
- add line break
- add line break to try to get the repo to realize the file is there

* reverting - adding a line didn't get the repo to find the file. boo hiss. the menu
* Update display index page
* Delete .DS_Store
* fix robots.txt title
* Delete .DS_Store

Co-authored-by: Amani Farooque <amani.farooque@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Amani Farooque <amani.farooque@gsa.gov>

admin-center/color-codes.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Key to Color Coding in the Admin Center
category: admin-center
last_modified_at: "November 02, 2015"
tags: help-manual manage-users best-bets rss
sidenav: admin_center
redirect_from:
    - /manual/color-codes.html
---

In addition to text-based indicators, we use color coding the [Admin Center](https://search.usa.gov/sites/) to indicate the status of a few types of items. 

## [Manage Users]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/dashboard/users.html)

| Color | Status |
| :------------ | :---------------------------------- |
| No color&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Approved&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |
| Yellow  | Pending &mdash; requires approval or email verification |
| Red   | Not approved |

## [RSS Feeds]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/rss.html)

| Color | Status |
| :------------ | :---------------------------------- |
| Green&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Feed indexed, no errors&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |
| Yellow  | Pending Indexing |
| Red   | Feed indexed, but error in one or more items |
| &nbsp; | &nbsp; |

Click on the name of the feed to see more detailed information about its status. Possible error messages follow.

* 404 Not Found
* Feed looks empty
* Description can't be blank
* Title can't be blank
* Missing link field
* Missing pubDate field
* Link is not a valid URL
* Linked URL does not exist (HTTP 404)

## [Best Bets]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/best-bets.html): Text or Graphics

| Color | Status |
| :------------ | :---------------------------------- |
| Green&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  | Active&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |
| Yellow   | Inactive |
| &nbsp; | &nbsp; |

Active best bets are shown to searchers on your site. Inactive entries aren't shown to searchers because they're inactive, expired (by the publish end date), or both.
