---
layout: post
title: October 2018 Newsletter
category: newsletters
last_modified_at: 
tags: newsletters
newsletter-year: 2018

---

## Summary

We're celebrating the Daylight Savings Time change early by mixing up our dates and sending our October news on the 1st of November.

## Service News

### We’re not authorized to index secure content

We’ve had a number of requests recently for us to index content from secure test environments - password protected staging servers, etc. Our Authorization to Operate (ATO) is only for publicly-available content. We *are* able to index public test content for you, but nothing secure. Disappointing, for sure, but ATOs are ATOs.

What to do? There are a couple options:

- Publish your test stack as a public “beta” subdomain, with real, or real-ish content. We could index this content and you could test the full experience.
- Test against your production content. While it won’t be a complete test of the production experience - using a staging search box, viewing results, clicking a result and being returned to the staging site - the content would be roughly the same.

We wish we could help more with your testing needs, but we’re limited by the requirement to house only public content. Please <a href="mailto:search@gsa.gov">reach out</a> with any questions.

## SEO Pro Tip

### New Blog Post

We wrote up several of our recent Pro Tips into a blog post, with expanded code examples. Take a look, and also <a href="mailto:search@gsa.gov">let us know</a> what SEO questions you would like us to answer!

## Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/) on our website.

[Read the Latest Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/september-2018.html)