---
layout: post
title: December 2019 Newsletter
category: newsletters
last_modified_at: 
tags: newsletters
newsletter-year: 2019
#subnav:
  #data: about_us
---

## Summary

As 2019 comes to a close, we're happy to share our annual report with you for the first time, plus an invitation to talk faceted search.

## Search.gov Year In Review

### The searches that shaped 2019 and our System Highlights

As the end of the year approaches, we wanted to share our <a href="https://search.gov/blog/2019-annual-review.html">2019 in Search.gov</a> report.

**The year in numbers:**

* **295,916,305** queries
* **~2,000** gov websites
* **16** top topics

**Some of the most searched query topics:**

- Forms
- Space
- Benefits
- Health (physical and mental health)
- Jobs

**System Highlights:**

- Added ranking factors to our search algorithm (popularity, freshness).
- Released help documentation about site launches and the indexing process.
- Added a sitelimit feature to provide an alternative to Collection search scoping.
- Added indexing coverage for javascript pages and other metadata-only files.
- Increased security on user accounts:
  - Automatic disabling after 90 days of inactivity.
  - MFA login through Login.gov.
- Upgraded our core software: Rails, Elasticsearch, etc.

<a href="https://search.gov/blog/2019-annual-review.html">Read the full report</a>

## You Spoke, We're Listening!

### Metadata and Faceted Search - Tell Us About It

During 2019, we have received many requests to implement metadata-driven search and faceted search in our indexing system. And we are paying attention! So the time has come to learn about how you are managing metadata for your web content, and how you envision using it in your search experience.

We will be hosting a focus group January 23, 2020 at 11:30am ET to discuss these very requested features and similarities and differences in metadata management across different agencies. If you would like to participate in this conversation, please <a href="mailto:search@gsa.gov">contact us</a>.

<a href="mailto:search@gsa.gov" target="_blank">Count me in!</a>

## Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/) on our website.

[Read the Latest Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/november-2019.html)