---
layout: post
title: June 2019 Newsletter
category: newsletters
last_modified_at: 
tags: newsletters
newsletter-year: 2019
#subnav:
  #data: about_us
---

## Summary

SEO tip about language detection, we fixed a bug in our result highlighting, and our intro webinar recording is available.

## SEO Pro Tip

### Going Greek?

We recently found out that our language detector is concluding that a number of documents are in Greek when, actually, they are in English. For example, pages with mathematical equations can be detected as being in Greek. The pages in question either lacked a language declaration, or it was malformed.

**What can you do to prevent this?**

We encourage you make sure the language of the document is declared correctly in the metadata of your page templates. For example:

`<html lang="en">`

We also encourage you to spot check the OCR text behind your PDFs, in case it says something like this:

INSTRUCTIONS TO AUTHORS FOR THE PREPARATION OF PAPERS FOR THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE 24TH INTERNATIONAL [REDACTED] CONFERENCE Ω Ω Ω πϕθ=Ω θ ϕ θ ϕ Ω ∫ ∫ = = = ϕ φϕ θ θθ Ω ϕθθϕθ θ ϕ θθ ° θ ϕ θ ϕ ϕ θ θ ϕ μ °

As always, we'll reach out to customers where we've found this kind of issue.

## Bug Fix

### Phrase Highlighting

We are happy to report that we fixed a bug that prevented highlighting for exact, phrased queries on sites indexed by Search.gov. Here's <a href="https://search.usa.gov/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;affiliate=usasearch&amp;sort_by=&amp;query=%22search%20features%22">an example.</a>

## Webinar Recording Available

### Introduction to Search.gov

If you missed this webinar on June 12, here is the video to watch it whenever is convenient for you.

## Reminder

### Don't get locked out

Soon we’re implementing automatic account disabling after 90 days of inactivity. Log in today to keep your account active - and check out your analytics while you’re there!

## Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/) on our website.

[Read the Latest Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/may-2019.html)