---
layout: post
title: August 2019 Newsletter
category: newsletters
last_modified_at: 
tags: newsletters
newsletter-year: 2019
sidenav: about_us
---

## Summary

Our integration with Login.gov draws nearer, get ready now. We updated our site redesign checklist. Also, your account may be locked.

## Integration with Login.gov

### MFA is Coming

As announced in our July Newsletter, we will be integrating with Login.gov to introduce multi-factor authentication (MFA) to increase security in our system. As a result, our customers will need to provide secondary identification along with their search.gov username and password to successfully access their search.gov accounts.

### Get Ready Now*


- **If you already have an account with Login.gov**, you may be all set. It would be good to confirm that the email address registered with them is the same as you have registered with us. If you need to update your address in our system, you can. If you need help, reach out to our team.
- **If you don’t yet have an account with with Login.gov**, you will need to. Use the same email address you have with your Search.gov when creating an account with Login.gov, then, set your password with them, and set up a second factor of identification.
- **If your team uses a group email address to access our system**, you’ll need to switch to individual user accounts. The integration with Login.gov requires all users to register individual emails as multi-factor authentication allows only one user per email address. Individual accounts are also better for the security of our system, so we can see who is making changes.

## It's That Time of the Year

### Site Redesign and Relaunch

Read our <a href="https://search.gov/manual/redesign.html?utm_campaign=Search.gov%20Newsletter&amp;utm_source=hs_email&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;_hsenc=p2ANqtz-8AmMw9ulT98Rlp5RdqeI9RzFKodACiC28J2-wxqvztEbHrcBGaVN6Dcq0pPaVcE1mHUaE7">Checklist for a Successful Site Redesign</a> (newly updated with additional information!).

See the <a href="https://search.gov/manual/metadata.html?utm_campaign=Search.gov%20Newsletter&amp;utm_source=hs_email&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;_hsenc=p2ANqtz-8AmMw9ulT98Rlp5RdqeI9RzFKodACiC28J2-wxqvztEbHrcBGaVN6Dcq0pPaVcE1mHUaE7">metadata and tags you should include in your new page templates</a>.

Be sure to publish an <a href="https://search.gov/manual/sitemaps.html?utm_campaign=Search.gov%20Newsletter&amp;utm_source=hs_email&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;_hsenc=p2ANqtz-8AmMw9ulT98Rlp5RdqeI9RzFKodACiC28J2-wxqvztEbHrcBGaVN6Dcq0pPaVcE1mHUaE7" style="-webkit-text-size-adjust:100%; -ms-text-size-adjust:100%; font-family:Arial, 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:16px; background-color:transparent" bgcolor="transparent" data-hs-link-id="0" target="_blank">xml sitemap</a><span style="font-family: Arial, 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 16px; background-color: transparent;"> and let us know about it, so we can tell our system to start indexing your content as soon as it’s public.

## Keep Your Account Active


### These credentials are not recognized as valid for accessing Search.gov

Have you accessed your search.gov account in the last 90 days? If you haven't, our system will now automatically deactivate your account. Avoid getting locked up by logging in today.

If you have more than one valid email address, please let us know so we can work with you to see which is the right one for accessing our system.

If you have been locked out, we’ll be happy to assist you, just reach out to our <a href="mailto:search@support.digitalgov.gov">helpdesk</a>.

## Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/july-2019.html) on our website.