---
layout: post
title: April 2019 Newsletter
category: newsletters
last_modified_at: 
tags: newsletters
newsletter-year: 2019
#subnav:
  #data: about_us
---

## Summary

We're excited to announce new documentation on our indexing process. Join us 4/25 for a webinar on this same topic. Also, it's survey time!

## You Asked, We Answered: New Indexing Docs

### How does all this work, anyway?

We are pleased to announce a new help documentation package about indexing is now available. This package addresses the most common questions about our indexing system we have received over the past year.

[Read the Docs](https://search.gov/manual/indexing-with-searchgov.html)

## But wait, there’s more!

### New Search Site Launch Guide is Now Live

We’ve released a practical guide that explains the basic steps you need to follow to use our service. This guide will walk you through everything you need to do, and let you know when to reach out to us.

[Read the Site Launch Guide](https://search.gov/manual/site-launch-guide.html)

## Upcoming Event

### First Webinar of 2019

On **April 25**, we will be hosting our first webinar of 2019. During this training session, we will walk you through our indexing process and the new indexing package. This is an excellent opportunity to ask questions. Join us at **1pm-2pm E.T.** to learn more about our service and how to make the best use of it.

## We Want Your Feedback

### Annual FAS Customer Survey*

You may not be aware, but Search.gov sits within the Federal Acquisitions Service in GSA. Every year FAS sends a customer survey. You will be receiving an email with the subject line "GSA wants your feedback!" which will contain information about how to respond. Some of the questions are specific to our service, and there are some general questions that FAS asks about all their component services.

We very much hope that you will take a few minutes to fill it out, and look forward to helping you in the future based on your feedback. Thank you!


## Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/) on our website.

[Read the Latest Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/march-2019.html)