---
layout: post
title: January 2019 Newsletter
category: newsletters
last_modified_at: 
tags: newsletters
newsletter-year: 2019
#subnav:
  #data: about_us
---

## SERVICE STATUS

### Our lights are on, but we won't be here

Both the Search Admin Center and your search results pages will remain up and running during the temporary government shutdown. But, we are out of the office and won’t respond to your emails or calls. Contractors will respond to any service disruptions.

You can continue to send us your general requests and questions, and we'll respond when we return to the office.

If you’re experiencing an emergency and need immediate assistance during the shutdown, send an email to <a href="mailto:search@gsa.gov">search@gsa.gov</a> including the word “URGENT” in the subject line.

### How to tell searchers about your site's status

Is your website affected by the shutdown? Below are two ways you can post a message on your search results page to tell searchers about your site’s status.

1. Post a search page alert.

    You can add a message to the top of your search results. Searchers will always see your message, regardless of their search term.

    [How to add a system alert](https://search.gov/manual/system-alert.html)

2. Create a Best Bet.

    Create a Best Bet that directs people to content about the shutdown and how it affects your agency and/or your agency’s website. Searchers will see your message when it matches their search term.

    When setting up keywords, include the terms searchers may use to look for information about the shutdown: shutdown, shut down, furlough, operating status, contingency plan, funding lapse, and appropriations, etc.

    [How to add a best bet](https://search.gov/manual/best-bets.html)

## Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/) on our website.

[Read the Latest Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/december-2018.html)