---
layout: post
title: October 2019 Newsletter
category: newsletters
last_modified_at: 
tags: newsletters
newsletter-year: 2019
#subnav:
  #data: about_us
---

## Summary

Soon we'll be adding MFA, here's what to do if you have multiple email addresses. Also, join us to finalize testing for a jQuery update.

## Maintenance Window

### Admin Center will be closed between Oct 29-30

Due to scheduled maintenance, our Admin Center will not be accessible starting at 5pm ET on Tuesday, October 29, 2019, with an anticipated return at 12pm ET on Wednesday, October 30.

There will be no impact on the public search experience.

## jQuery Update

### You're Invited!

We are updating to version 3.4.1 of jQuery, which powers the <a href="https://search.gov/manual/typeahead-api.html">type-ahead search suggestions</a> you may display for your website’s search box.

We’ve tested the upgrade against sites where we know type-ahead suggestions are used, and we invite you to participate in the final round of testing between October 31 and November 7. We’re confident in the upgrade, and while participation is optional, we want you to have the chance to verify the script’s performance on your websites.

If you are interested in taking part in this test, please let us know by 5pm ET on October 30. You can email us at <a href="mailto:search@gsa.gov">search@gsa.gov</a>; detailed testing instructions will be provided.

If you are running jQuery on version 2 or earlier, please note these are no longer supported, so talk to your tech team about upgrading. To the extent possible, we’ve verified there are no conflicts between the coming upgrade and older versions.

## Login.gov Integration Coming Soon!

### Your Search.gov and Login.gov accounts must have matching email addresses

As we hope you have heard, we will be integrating with Login.gov in the coming weeks, to add multi-factor authentication to our Admin Center.

If you’ve already set up your Login.gov account but you used a different email than the one registered for your Search.gov account, you should add the email you use for your Search.gov account as a second email address in your <a href="http://login.gov/">Login.gov</a> account.

When you log in to our system in the future, you will then use the same address you always have, via Login.gov.

We require accounts have official email addresses, with a preference for .gov and .mil addresses if available. If a contractor does not have a .gov or .mil address, they must use their business address (e.g., jeremy.example@samplecompany.com) and have their status verified by their federal point of contact.

If you have any questions about which email address you have on file with our system, please <a href="mailto:search@gsa.gov" target="_blank">reach out to us</a>.

## Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/) on our website.

[Read the Latest Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/september-2019.html)