---
layout: post
title: October 2020 Newsletter
category: newsletters
last_modified_at: 
tags: newsletters
newsletter-year: 2020

---

## Your Feedback Requested 
### Hosted Search Results Page Redesign Usability Testing 

We want to ask for your valuable feedback again. This time is for our search results page redesign wireframes. We need a few minutes of your time to take a look at the work we’ve done so far to revamp our results page - both the desktop and mobile versions. Please consider this as an initial stage of this redesign project. Updates will be released periodically as we complete phases for this effort. 

Here are the wireframes for [desktop](https://github.com/GSA/search-gov-agency-collaboration/blob/master/results-page-redesign-2022/serp_redesign_desktop.pdf) and [mobile](https://github.com/GSA/search-gov-agency-collaboration/blob/master/results-page-redesign-2022/serp_redesign_mobile.pdf). Please reference them when you fill out the survey: [https://forms.gle/YuW8hDJJ48GPk1oB9](https://forms.gle/YuW8hDJJ48GPk1oB9). If you can’t access Google Forms, please share your opinions by email ([search@gsa.gov](mailto:search@gsa.gov)) on the following components of our prototype: 

_Color and contrast_

_Spacing_

_Search Options_

_Best Bets_

_Mobile Options_

  
As always, your feedback is key to improving the overall search experience for you and your website's audience. **It’d be really helpful if you can send your feedback to us by COB November 9, 2020.** If you have any questions, please contact us by email at [search@gsa.gov](mailto:search@gsa.gov). 

## Planning Ahead 
### Thinking of Archiving a Domain? Please Talk to Us About Your Timing! 
If you have any plans to archive a domain, it’s really important that you please talk to us about your timing. Being aware of your timeline to complete this change is of essence to make this transition run smoothly. Even though this is a standard site launch process, it’s really important to be in-sync. The re-indexing of the main domain would happen after the switch has been flipped: both from the old website and new website on the primary domain, and from the old domain to the new archive location for a website moving wholesale. Additionally, we would also need to coordinate whether you want us to eliminate the existing domain's search results and start fresh, or rely on redirects. Please remember to talk to us so we can work together. Thank you!

[Read about website relaunches and indexing](https://search.gov/manual/redesign.html)

## Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/) on our website.

[Read the Latest Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/september-2020.html)
