---
layout: post
title: January 2021 Newsletter
category: newsletters
last_modified_at: 
tags: newsletters
newsletter-year: 2021
sidenav: about_us
---
## Search.gov Year in-Review
### The searches that shaped 2020 and Our System Highlights.

With 2020 in the rear view mirror, we wanted to share our [Year In Review](link):
* 2020 in numbers:
* 320,581,805 queries
* ~2,200 gov websites 
* 20 top topics, 365 days of connecting people with what they need

Some of the most searched query topics: 
* Loans
* Benefits
* Space
* Immigration
* Forms
* Census
* Health
* Covid-19

System Highlights:
* Released a new Clicks Tracking API to enable analytics capture for Results API users
* Updated our Login.gov integration for a consistent experience through login & logout
* Added Account Deactivation Reminders
* Migrated the Search.gov website to the Federalist platform
* Upgraded Rails
* Upgraded ElasticSearch 
* Scaled up our infrastructure to support periods of heavy query volume
* Upgraded our security support to improve monitoring and risk mitigation across production and staging environments
* Added backend indexing improvements (reindexing support and invalid sitemap/URL handling)

Read the full report ()



SEO Tips
Drupal Users:
Simple Sitemap vs. XML Sitemap Module


As more teams are working on site redesigns and upgrades, we wanted to alert Drupal users to some important differences between the available XML sitemap modules. In order to support search engine indexing processes, all the files that should appear in search results should be listed in the XML sitemap. This includes PDFs, docs, etc. If you’re new to XML sitemaps, please read our explainer page.

In Drupal 7, file attachments needed to be added to the XML sitemap manually, one by one. This is still the case in later versions of Drupal if you’re using the Simple XML Sitemap module. For many teams, this is not a sustainable way to ensure PDFs appear in search results.

We recommend that all Drupal sites use the XML Sitemap module, if possible: it has a similar name, but different features. This module allows you to include file attachments globally by type, with a simple check box within the module settings, via the Sitemap Entities tab.







Announcements
We Welcome our New Product Manager

Amani Farooque has joined the Search.gov team as our new product manager. Amani has extensive technical project management and program development experience and will support our team with all product related enhancements. Welcome Amani! 

We also bid a fond farewell to Ayush Chakravarty, who has moved to a new project. 

Product Updates

Attention Results API Users:
Click Tracking API Available

We’ve introduced a new API to be used in tandem with our Results API. Previously, agencies using our Results API could not view click data along with other data in the Admin Center analytics, because we had no way to see and collect the click activity on their API-driven results pages. Our new Clicks API allows you to send the click activity to us, and we’ll feed it into our analytics engine. We’ll use this data for both reporting to you in the Admin Center, and as an input to our relevance ranking. 

Instructions are available in the Admin Center > Your Site > Activate > Click Tracking API Instructions


Instagram Integration To Be Fully Decommissioned

A few years ago, Instagram changed their access model and we were no longer able to index new accounts or images. Recently their thumbnails model changed as well, so previously indexed images were not able to be shown in search results. We will be fully decommissioning this feature in the coming months, to remove the legacy code.

Product Update

Our Roadmap for this Quarter: See our roadmap for this quarter, now posted on our website. Built based on your feedback, it reflects what’s most important to you, and prioritized accordingly.

Content Frequency: If your agency is indexing with us using a sitemap, great news: we are now fetching content every two hours!

Release Notes
Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly Release Notes on our website.



