---
layout: post
title: Novemeber 2021 Newsletter
category: newsletters
last_modified_at: 
tags: newsletters
newsletter-year: 2021
#subnav:
  #data: about_us
---
## Summary 
We will be hosting a focus group in January on Faceted Search. Google will be updating their desktop search ranking in February.

## You Are Invited
### Faceted Search Focus Group - January 2022

As announced in our previous newsletter, we have received additional resources to work on significant improvements to our service, including faceted search. As we prepare the different pieces for this project, we will be hosting a virtual focus group in January 2022 (date to be determined) to discuss metadata-driven search and faceted search. The goal is to learn more about your search needs around these in-demand features.

The main objectives of this focus group are to (1) learn more about how you manage metadata for your web content, and (2) how you envision using it in your search experience. 

Also, this session will be an opportunity to follow up on the focus group we had in March 2020. How has the landscape changed for your agency?

If you would like to participate in this conversation, please [contact us](mailto:search@gsa.gov). We will share the date and details on how to participate in our December newsletter.

## Google Ranking Update
### Page Experience Rollout Will Begin in February

As announced in the spring, this year Google started to include _page experience signals_ as part of their search ranking calculations. Early this month, [Google posted an update on their plans](https://developers.google.com/search/blog/2021/11/bringing-page-experience-to-desktop) to bring page experience ranking to desktop. These changes to their algorithm will not affect your Search.gov search.

Google search results for mobile users saw these updates beginning summer 2021, and desktop searchers on Google.com will see changes beginning February 2022:

*   Core Web Vitals - Google’s high level metrics on site performance
*   Mobile friendliness
*   HTTPS
*   Direct access to content - no interstitials

[Read more about page experience signals](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/guides/page-experience)

## Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes](https://search.gov/about/updates/releases/) on our website.

[Read the Latest Notes](https://search.gov/about/updates/releases/october-2021.html)
