---
layout: post
title: August 2022 Newsletter
category: newsletters
last_modified_at: 
tags: newsletters
newsletter-year: 2022

---

## Summary

TTS is hiring designers, including one for the Search.gov team. We're also mid-way on our user recertification for the year, review today!


## We're Hiring!
### Search.gov and other teams at TTS are hiring designers

Do you enjoy logic puzzles and helping people? Come work with [Search.gov](http://search.gov/)! We’re looking for a new team member to lead our search experience and indexing processes, and we hope you will apply today. The post is open until filled, and applications will be reviewed as they come in. 

**Role title**: Search Experience Designer - [Search.gov](http://search.gov/)

**Role Summary**

[Search.gov](http://search.gov/) works to connect people with the information and services they need from the government, and to make it easy for agencies to design and manage their search experiences. The Search Experience Designer will be responsible for ensuring successful indexing of agency customer content and a high quality searcher experience. Background in information science, knowledge management, data management and analysis, and web publishing is desired. Comfort managing complex projects or processes using multiple tools is required.

**Key Objectives** 

* Objective 1: Serve as the primary owner of our indexing workflows  
* Objective 2: Coaching and communication  
* Objective 3: Collaborate with teams across GSA and at other agencies on search and SEO efforts, including supporting relevant law and policy

We’re hiring at the GS13 or 14 level. If you apply, please mention Dawn McCleskey as the person who referred you. Other teams here at Technology Transformation Services are hiring as well, looking for user experience designers, content designers, service designers, and product designers at the GS13, 14, and 15 levels. 

[Learn about the TTS hiring process](https://join.tts.gsa.gov/join/tts-designer/)

[Read more about the position open on our team](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/dawnpointermccleskey_searchgov-home-activity-6951180881638162432-X6ow)

## Contacts Confirmation
### Review/Update Your List of Users

We are conducting a review of our search sites’ authorized users, to be completed by the end of September. Thank you to everyone who has already responded!

Similar to a user recertification process, we ask that you confirm that the users’ names and email addresses listed on your search site(s) are correct, and if this is not the case, to make any necessary updates. 

On July 26, you should have received an email with instructions and a link to a Touchpoints form. Please search your email inbox for the subject line **From Search.gov: Review and Update Your Lists of Users**. If you do not have this message, please contact us at [search@gsa.gov](mailto:search@gsa.gov) and we can resend.

Thank you in advance for taking the time to help us with this request!

## Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes](https://search.gov/about/updates/releases/) on our website.

While it's not visible yet, we're excited about our progress on faceted search, indexing improvements, and of course maintenance and security.

[Read the latest notes](https://search.gov/about/updates/releases/july-2022.html)