---
layout: post
title: June 2022 Newsletter
category: newsletters
last_modified_at: 
tags: newsletters
newsletter-year: 2022
#subnav:
  #data: about_us
---
## Summary    
Review/update your list of users, improve your metadata.

## Contacts Confirmation
### Review/Update Your List of Users

We will be conducting a review of our search sites’ authorized users, to be completed by the end of September. Similar to a user recertification process, we will be asking you to please confirm that the users’ names and email addresses listed on your search site(s) are correct, and if this is not the case, to make any necessary updates.   

This confirmation process will be managed using a Touchpoints form that we will email to you in late July. Thank you in advance for taking the time to help us with this request!

## Your Metadata Matters!
### Help Improve Your Search Experience_

Metadata is data information that helps search engines choose which websites come up first when you type a word or phrase into a search engine. Simply said, metadata tells search engines how to read and display sites on search engine result pages (SERPs). To optimize your metadata for search engines, we recommend to focus on your website’s **title tag** and **meta descriptions**. [Read more details about the metadata and tags you should include in your website](https://search.gov/indexing/metadata.html).

## Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes](https://search.gov/about/updates/releases/) on our website.

[Read the latest notes](https://search.gov/about/updates/releases/may-2022.html)
