---
layout: post
category: newsletters
title: October 2023 Newsletter
filename-custom: october-2023
last_modified_at: November 15, 2023
sidenav: about_us
newsletter-year: 2023
description: "Label for facets in admin center, faceted search, metadata, keep your account active, release notes."
---

## Usability flash survey

### Help us choose a label for “facets” in the Admin Center

Most people have interacted with faceted search on ecommerce sites and other catalog-based interfaces, selecting different options to filter for.

This helps content owners organize large sets of data (for example, product inventory) by using filters such as size, color, price, brand; etc. The goal is to help web visitors find what they are looking for as fast as possible.

We recognize that “faceted search” may not be plain language, so we appreciate your feedback on selecting a term for our new feature that will be easily understandable by everyone.

This feature will likely be added to the Display Overview page in the Admin Center as a new section. What should it be called?
<ul>
<li>Search filters</li>
<li>Filters</li>
<li>Faceted search</li>
<li>Metadata search</li>
<li>Other</li>
</ul>

[Vote now!](https://touchpoints.app.cloud.gov/touchpoints/80391139/submit)



## Interested in faceted search?

### Let’s talk about metadata!

As previously announced, our faceted search capability is now available for our customers using API results, and it will soon become available to those customers using hosted results. If you are interested in using this feature for your website, email us at [search@gsa.gov](mailto:search@gsa.gov) to schedule a call to talk about getting your metadata ready. The sooner you can start including metadata in your page templates, the sooner we can gather it. We will start using it in results matching right away, and your searchers will be able to use it to filter when the interface is ready.


## Enjoy easy access to your search site account

### Keep your account active

Did you know that logging to your Search.gov site account regularly is all you need to do to avoid being locked out of your access? By keeping your account active you ensure to always receive our important announcements we share via our monthly newsletter and, monthly analytics reports, system updates notifications; etc. We recommend logging in at least once a month - you can review analytics, update your best bets, and more.

[Sign in today!](https://search.usa.gov/login)


### Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/) on our website.

[Read the latest notes]({{site.baseurl}}/about/updates/releases/september-2023.html)
