---
layout: post
category: newsletters
title: November 2023 Newsletter
filename-custom: november-2023
last_modified_at: November 29, 2023
sidenav: about_us
newsletter-year: 2023
description: "Label for facets in admin center will be search filters, thank you note, release notes."
---

## Thank you for participating in our usability flash survey!

### Our faceted search feature in the Admin Center will be called Search Filters

Because we recognize that “faceted search” may not be plain language, we asked for your feedback on selecting a term for our new feature that will be easily understandable by everyone. And you did! 90% voted for either “Search filters” or “Filters,” with the majority of those supporting “Search Filters.” This feature will be added to the Display Overview page in the Admin Center as a new section.

Thank you to all who took the time to vote and helped us select this new label!


## Happy Thanksgiving!

### We are grateful for YOU!

We simply want to say thank you! We’re truly grateful for being able to work with you, especially during a period of significant growth for our team and the long-awaited new features we’re working on. We really appreciate your support and your feedback. It only helps to improve and aim for better ways to deliver the best search experience we can to you and ultimately, the public.


From the whole Search.gov team, have a great Thanksgiving!


### Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/) on our website.

[Read the latest notes]({{site.baseurl}}/about/updates/releases/october-2023.html)
