---
layout: post
category: newsletters
title: April 2023 Newsletter
filename-custom: april-2023
last_modified_at: May 1, 2023
sidenav: about_us
newsletter-year: 2023
description: "Search team update, customer satisfaction, Google Analytics 4, release notes."
---
## Search team update

### Welcome Jim Kreft, our new Search Experience Designer

We’re very excited to announce that Jim Kreft has joined our team as Search Experience Designer. Jim is a data curation librarian with deep experience in building usable, sustainable cross agency data integration tools. He will be heading up our indexing and search experience design work, supporting technical questions and requirements from our customers. He’s excited to help make the Search.gov experience more valuable to our agency partners and to their users. Welcome Jim!

**Product management**
Amani Farooque, our contract Product Manager, left Search.gov this week for a new position. Many of you interacted with her on technical questions to our helpdesk and in meetings. We look forward to introducing you to our new contract Product Manager Iya Iduozee in the near future.

## Customer Satisfaction
### Share your feedback with us!

**Let us know about your searchers’ satisfaction**
Your website visitors’ search experience is very important to us. Please feel free to share any feedback you collect from your searchers. We will gladly discuss any concerns or questions you may have about this information. You can share your feedback by sending it to [search@gsa.gov] (search@gsa.gov), or let us know if you would like to schedule a call.

Please note that this survey is sent on behalf of Search.gov and other GSA programs, so it’s possible that the survey you receive may ask about a different service than ours. Regardless of the service you rate, we all appreciate your participation. It’s our understanding that reminders will be sent to those who don’t submit their responses. Also, please note that if you only recently set up an account with us, you may not receive this survey.

We are always looking for ways to improve stakeholder engagement and provide the tools and services that you need to be successful. We will use the results from this survey to understand how the program is doing and the changes we should make to better meet your needs. Thank you in advance for your time!

## Universal Analytics is Going Away
### Prepare to Use Google Analytics 4

Starting July 1, 2023, standard Universal Analytics properties will stop processing new hits. If you still rely on Universal Analytics, we recommend that you [prepare to use Google Analytics 4] (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/10759417) going forward. [Read more about this change] (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/11583528?hl=en).

We have heard that data will not transfer from Universal Analytics to GA4, but also that the reporting in GA4 is still a work in progress. Our colleagues from DAP have recommended that we all add the GA4 tag to your pages as soon as possible to begin collecting data there. We anticipate reporting in GA4 will improve over time.

## Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes]({{site.baseurl}}/about/updates/releases) on our website.

[Read the latest notes](https://search.gov/about/updates/releases/march-2023.html)
