---
layout: post
category: newsletters
title: May 2024 Newsletter
filename-custom: March-2024
last_modified_at: June 13, 2024
sidenav: about_us
newsletter-year: 2024
description: "Decommissioned domains, system interruptions, notifications protocol, release notes."
---

## Decommissioning a domain

### Please let us know!

If there are any domains that you no longer keep active and have decommissioned or plan to stop using, please let us know by emailing us at search@gsa.gov.

Being aware of this information allows us to stop trying to index domains that no longer exist, or redirect elsewhere. Thank you for your cooperation



## Recent system interruptions

### Notifications protocol

Last week we experienced service interruptions in our system that affected some of our customers. On May 23, during planned maintenance to migrate infrastructure that supports Elasticsearch, we experienced degradation of the Search.gov in-house index due to unexpected issues that our team resolved promptly. 

Although this migration caused an unexpected inconvenience to our customers, it’s important to emphasize that the changes we are making to our infrastructure will lead to a much more stable, reliable system moving forward.

Additionally, on May 23, Bing's application programming interface (API) experienced service disruptions. Bing search results presented customers with error messages. The issue was resolved and search results began to return as expected.

When service interruptions like these occur, our team’s focus turns immediately to investigating and working on resolving the issue. Once we have an understanding of the situation, we proceed as follows:
<ul>
 <li>Update our <a href="https://search.gov/status.html"><u><span style="color:#1155cc;background-color:#ffffff;font-size:12pt;">System status page</span></u></a>&nbsp;with the most recent information every 30 minutes.</li>
<li>If the service interruption is categorized as severe and may require a longer time than expected to be resolved, we will notify customers via email.</li>
</ul>




## Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/) on our website.

[Read the latest notes]({{site.baseurl}}/about/updates/releases/april-2024.html)
