---
layout: post
category: newsletters
title: February 2024 Newsletter
filename-custom: February-2024
last_modified_at: March 4, 2024
sidenav: about_us
newsletter-year: 2024
description: "New results page design implementation, office hours, release notes."
---

## New results page design implementation

### Office hours: join us on March 14!

As previously announced, our new results page design is now available in Beta! All Search.gov customers have access to the new design from the display settings in the Admin Center:

Admin Center > Display > Visual design (new)

You can test the new design using the preview on the new visual design page in your main search site, or in a sandbox site, whichever is more comfortable for you. To create a sandbox site simply [clone your production search site](https://search.gov/admin-center/dashboard/clone-site.html) and use the new cloned site to test.

To assist with testing and migration, during March we will be copying all your existing colors from your current results page to the new results page. If you use the current default color scheme, you will use the new default color scheme.

Thank you to all customers who are testing the new design and have shared their feedback with our team. Also, thank you to those who have already implemented the new design on their sites. You can check it out live on our [website’s results page](https://find.search.gov/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&affiliate=usasearch&query=indexing) or [Digital.gov](https://find.digitalgov.gov/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&affiliate=digitalgov&query=usability+test&commit=). Also, you can follow along with our [progress on resolving reported beta issues](https://github.com/GSA/search-gov/issues?q=label%3Aresults-page). 

When you’re ready to use the new design on your live results, email us at search@gsa.gov. The Beta period closes at the beginning of April 2024, after which all sites will be shifted to the new design.

To know more about how to apply the new design to your results page, join us on March 14 at 1:00-2:00 pm ET during our second office hours:

[Meeting details removed]


## Release Notes

Want to learn about the latest features, fixes, and focuses of the Search team? We post monthly [Release Notes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/updates/releases/) on our website.

[Read the latest notes]({{site.baseurl}}/about/updates/releases/january-2024.html)
