status.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Search.gov System Status
tags: status support help
description: This page provides the current operating status of the Search.gov system.
last_modified_at: January 11, 2021
sidenav: support
---

## Current Status

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/green-status-normal-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Fully Operational" title="Fully Operational">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Fully Operational

## Recent Events

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: 7:10 - 8:20 ET December 22, 2021 <br />
Details: From around 7AM to 8AM ET, searches were intermittently failing due to an outage with our hosting provider. The outage is now resolved and Search.gov is fully operational.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: 8:16AM ET - 8:21AM ET, 8:40AM ET - 8:41AM ET December 20 <br />
Details: From December 20 between 8:16AM ET - 8:21AM ET, and 8:40AM ET - 8:41AM ET, Search.gov encountered an error with a certain subset of searches failing. The issue has been resolved and Search.gov is now fully operational.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: 12:02PM - 1:32PM ET September 28, 2021 <br />
Details: Beginning shortly after noon ET, during planned maintenance, some searches failed. We then experienced serious degradation between 12:29PM and 12:36PM, which appears to have been a combination of the planned maintenance and a DDoS attempt. After this period, some queries continued to fail intermittently until 1:32PM ET.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/orange-status-serious-degradation.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Serious Degradation" title="Partial Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Serious Degradation <br />
Date: 2:04PM - 2:38PM ET August 26, 2021 <br />
Details: Starting around 2:04PM, our system stopped returning search results due to a production push to update a back-end tool. Search results began to improve around 2:14PM ET as we redeployed our app servers. As of 2:38PM, Search.gov is now fully operational.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/orange-status-serious-degradation.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Serious Degradation" title="Serious Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Serious Degradation <br />
Date: 3:01pm &ndash; 5:08pm ET January 11, 2021 <br />
Details: Starting 3:01 PM ET, a significant increase in query traffic caused our system to refuse connections. We added more processing resources to handle that additional load, which entered the herd at 4:04 PM ET and began to resolve the connection issue. The system is now fully operational.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: 2:24pm &ndash; 2:43pm ET August 25, 2020<br />
Details: A brief certificate issue caused a small subset of image searches to be unavailable. The issue was resolved by a certificate re-issue, and Search.gov is now fully operational.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/red-status-system-down.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Outage" title="Outage">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Outage <br />
Date: 4:52pm &ndash; 5:15pm ET March 5, 2020<br />
Details: At 4:52pm ET, Search.gov encountered an error due to an issue with data pulls for a migration. Service was restored once our clusters recovered at 5:15pm ET. Search.gov is now fully operational.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: 8:22am &ndash; 12:40pm ET March 6, 2020<br />
Details: Search.gov saw a large number of errors on sites due to an issue originating on our application servers. The issue was resolved by a rolling restart of the environment and Search.gov is now fully operational.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/red-status-system-down.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Outage" title="Outage">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Outage <br />
Date: 7:02pm &ndash; 7:49pm ET March 5, 2020<br />
Details: Beginning 7:02pm ET, an outage at our hosting provider prevented us from distributing incoming requests to our servers. Their issue was resolved, but in addition, a database update by them to an unused feature caused our internal requests to fail. We applied an update to match their update, and service was restored.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: 8:00 pm October 29 &mdash; 10:15 am October 30, 2019<br />
Details: Beginning 8 PM ET 10/29, search sites using certain search features began returning errors for all searches. During our planned maintenance, our infrastructure host deployed routing settings to more servers than we requested, and this caused the error. After reverting the routing setting, all search sites are now behaving normally.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: August 31, 2019, 8:49am &ndash; 4:30pm ET <br />
Details: An issue at our cloud hosting provider caused new logins to the Admin Center to fail. Searches were working normally.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: August 20, 2019, 9:30pm ET &mdash; August 21 9:50am ET <br />
Details: An internal DNS issue caused our web index to return "No results" messages to some sites in their web results module. We have resolved the DNS issue and all systems are functioning normally.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: August 16, 2019, 10:30am &ndash; 3:30pm<br />
Details: We performed unplanned maintenance to alleviate issues on search result pages and the Admin Center.


<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: August 12, 2019, 10:30am &ndash; 2:00pm, and from 2:30pm &ndash; 5:50pm ET<br />
Details: We experienced two periods of intermittent errors and longer than usual load times, during high load to our results API. The load resulted in a reallocation process of our search indexes.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/orange-status-serious-degradation.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Serious Degradation" title="Serious Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Serious Degradation<br/>
Date: July 17, 2019, 8am &ndash; approx 10:30am <br/>
Details: Server issues caused intermittent issues on search result pages (SERPs) and site Admin Centers.  

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation<br/>
Date: July 16, 2019, 10:30am-11:30am <br/>
Details: We conducted restarts of our servers to resolve memory issues. This resulted in intermittent degradation to search experiences.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation<br/>
Date: July 15, 2019, approx 1:51pm-6:15pm <br/>
Details: Memory issues in our back-end services caused intermittent issues when users attempted to complete searches.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/red-status-system-down.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Outage" title="Outage">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Outage <br />
Date: July 10, 2019, approx 2:35pm-2:50pm ET<br />
Details: Deploy issues resulted in errors on search results pages (SERPs). We will address these issues before attempting future deploys.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: April 8, 2019, approx 8am-11:30am ET<br />
Details: We experienced heavy load to our DNS, which we addressed through updating settings.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: March 11, 2019, 9:49am-1:55pm ET <br />
Details: We experienced a transient issue with our back-end services which made some search data intermittently unavailable for the time indicated. No data was lost.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: January 30-31, 2019 <br />
Details: We experienced intermittent errors due to request queue volume. Errors resolved on retry. We performed maintenance on our primary index and increased the processing power for the machines that support this index.

## Legend

{: .usa-table .usa-table--compact}
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Color&nbsp;&nbsp;	| Status&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;	| Description |
| :--:	| :--	| :-- |
|<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/green-status-normal-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Fully Operational" title="Fully Operational">	| Fully Operational	| Systems are operating normally.|
|<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">	| Intermittent Degradation&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;	| Periodic errors that resolve themselves on retry.|
|<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/orange-status-serious-degradation.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Serious Degradation" title="Serious Degradation">	| Serious Degradation	| One or more components of the Search.gov service is unavailable, but other services are fully operational.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|
|<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/red-status-system-down.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Outage" title="Outage">	| Outage	| The Search.gov service is down.|

Commit message:

Bing API Errors - Status Page Update

status.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Search.gov System Status
tags: status support help
description: This page provides the current operating status of the Search.gov system.
last_modified_at: January 11, 2021
sidenav: support
---

## Current Status

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: January 26, 2022 7:20AM ET - ongoing <br />
Details: At this time, Bing searches are intermittently failing and returning errors, likely due to an issue in the Bing API. We will continue monitoring and update this message every 30 minutes.

<!-- <img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/green-status-normal-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Fully Operational" title="Fully Operational">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Fully Operational -->

## Recent Events

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: 7:10 - 8:20 ET December 22, 2021 <br />
Details: From around 7AM to 8AM ET, searches were intermittently failing due to an outage with our hosting provider. The outage is now resolved and Search.gov is fully operational.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: 8:16AM ET - 8:21AM ET, 8:40AM ET - 8:41AM ET December 20 <br />
Details: From December 20 between 8:16AM ET - 8:21AM ET, and 8:40AM ET - 8:41AM ET, Search.gov encountered an error with a certain subset of searches failing. The issue has been resolved and Search.gov is now fully operational.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: 12:02PM - 1:32PM ET September 28, 2021 <br />
Details: Beginning shortly after noon ET, during planned maintenance, some searches failed. We then experienced serious degradation between 12:29PM and 12:36PM, which appears to have been a combination of the planned maintenance and a DDoS attempt. After this period, some queries continued to fail intermittently until 1:32PM ET.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/orange-status-serious-degradation.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Serious Degradation" title="Partial Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Serious Degradation <br />
Date: 2:04PM - 2:38PM ET August 26, 2021 <br />
Details: Starting around 2:04PM, our system stopped returning search results due to a production push to update a back-end tool. Search results began to improve around 2:14PM ET as we redeployed our app servers. As of 2:38PM, Search.gov is now fully operational.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/orange-status-serious-degradation.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Serious Degradation" title="Serious Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Serious Degradation <br />
Date: 3:01pm &ndash; 5:08pm ET January 11, 2021 <br />
Details: Starting 3:01 PM ET, a significant increase in query traffic caused our system to refuse connections. We added more processing resources to handle that additional load, which entered the herd at 4:04 PM ET and began to resolve the connection issue. The system is now fully operational.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: 2:24pm &ndash; 2:43pm ET August 25, 2020<br />
Details: A brief certificate issue caused a small subset of image searches to be unavailable. The issue was resolved by a certificate re-issue, and Search.gov is now fully operational.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/red-status-system-down.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Outage" title="Outage">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Outage <br />
Date: 4:52pm &ndash; 5:15pm ET March 5, 2020<br />
Details: At 4:52pm ET, Search.gov encountered an error due to an issue with data pulls for a migration. Service was restored once our clusters recovered at 5:15pm ET. Search.gov is now fully operational.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: 8:22am &ndash; 12:40pm ET March 6, 2020<br />
Details: Search.gov saw a large number of errors on sites due to an issue originating on our application servers. The issue was resolved by a rolling restart of the environment and Search.gov is now fully operational.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/red-status-system-down.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Outage" title="Outage">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Outage <br />
Date: 7:02pm &ndash; 7:49pm ET March 5, 2020<br />
Details: Beginning 7:02pm ET, an outage at our hosting provider prevented us from distributing incoming requests to our servers. Their issue was resolved, but in addition, a database update by them to an unused feature caused our internal requests to fail. We applied an update to match their update, and service was restored.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: 8:00 pm October 29 &mdash; 10:15 am October 30, 2019<br />
Details: Beginning 8 PM ET 10/29, search sites using certain search features began returning errors for all searches. During our planned maintenance, our infrastructure host deployed routing settings to more servers than we requested, and this caused the error. After reverting the routing setting, all search sites are now behaving normally.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: August 31, 2019, 8:49am &ndash; 4:30pm ET <br />
Details: An issue at our cloud hosting provider caused new logins to the Admin Center to fail. Searches were working normally.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: August 20, 2019, 9:30pm ET &mdash; August 21 9:50am ET <br />
Details: An internal DNS issue caused our web index to return "No results" messages to some sites in their web results module. We have resolved the DNS issue and all systems are functioning normally.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: August 16, 2019, 10:30am &ndash; 3:30pm<br />
Details: We performed unplanned maintenance to alleviate issues on search result pages and the Admin Center.


<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: August 12, 2019, 10:30am &ndash; 2:00pm, and from 2:30pm &ndash; 5:50pm ET<br />
Details: We experienced two periods of intermittent errors and longer than usual load times, during high load to our results API. The load resulted in a reallocation process of our search indexes.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/orange-status-serious-degradation.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Serious Degradation" title="Serious Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Serious Degradation<br/>
Date: July 17, 2019, 8am &ndash; approx 10:30am <br/>
Details: Server issues caused intermittent issues on search result pages (SERPs) and site Admin Centers.  

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation<br/>
Date: July 16, 2019, 10:30am-11:30am <br/>
Details: We conducted restarts of our servers to resolve memory issues. This resulted in intermittent degradation to search experiences.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation<br/>
Date: July 15, 2019, approx 1:51pm-6:15pm <br/>
Details: Memory issues in our back-end services caused intermittent issues when users attempted to complete searches.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/red-status-system-down.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Outage" title="Outage">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Outage <br />
Date: July 10, 2019, approx 2:35pm-2:50pm ET<br />
Details: Deploy issues resulted in errors on search results pages (SERPs). We will address these issues before attempting future deploys.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: April 8, 2019, approx 8am-11:30am ET<br />
Details: We experienced heavy load to our DNS, which we addressed through updating settings.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: March 11, 2019, 9:49am-1:55pm ET <br />
Details: We experienced a transient issue with our back-end services which made some search data intermittently unavailable for the time indicated. No data was lost.

<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Intermittent Degradation <br />
Date: January 30-31, 2019 <br />
Details: We experienced intermittent errors due to request queue volume. Errors resolved on retry. We performed maintenance on our primary index and increased the processing power for the machines that support this index.

## Legend

{: .usa-table .usa-table--compact}
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Color&nbsp;&nbsp;	| Status&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;	| Description |
| :--:	| :--	| :-- |
|<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/green-status-normal-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Fully Operational" title="Fully Operational">	| Fully Operational	| Systems are operating normally.|
|<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/yellow-status-intermittent-operations.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Intermittent Degradation" title="Intermittent Degradation">	| Intermittent Degradation&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;	| Periodic errors that resolve themselves on retry.|
|<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/orange-status-serious-degradation.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Serious Degradation" title="Serious Degradation">	| Serious Degradation	| One or more components of the Search.gov service is unavailable, but other services are fully operational.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|
|<img src="https://search.gov/assets/img/site/red-status-system-down.png" width="15px" height="15px" alt="Outage" title="Outage">	| Outage	| The Search.gov service is down.|
