about/why-choose-searchgov.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Why Choose Search.gov? 
tags: about-us features
date: March 4, 2021
last_modified_at: March 4, 2021
sidenav: about_us
---

Search.gov is a by-government, for-government search engine provided to federal agencies by the General Services Administration. We understand the unique needs and challenges that government web teams face, and have designed our service to meet them. 

This page gives a comparison of our service and other options in the marketplace. We look forward to working with you!

| Feature | Search.gov | Commercial Search Engine APIs | Solr | Standalone Site Search tools |
| :-- | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| Search your primary domain | [Yes]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/domains.html | Yes | Yes | Yes |
| Search additional domains and servers | Yes | Yes | Yes - if you buy a hosted Solr service or you manage a crawler stack in-house | Yes |
| Search the full text of PDFs | Yes | Yes | No - unless you buy a hosted Solr service or you manage a crawler stack in-house | Depends on the service |
| Search USAJOBS postings | [Yes]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/display/jobs-module.html | No | No | No |
| Search Federal Register documents | [Yes]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/display/federal-register-module.html | No | No | No |
| Search RSS feed content | [Yes]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/rss.html | No | No | No |
| Search social media content ([Twitter]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/twitter/.html), [images]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/flickr.html), [YouTube]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/youtube.html) | Yes | No | No | No |
| Is developer assistance required? | No - unless you want to use our Results API | No | No - unless you manage a crawler stack in-house | Depends on the service |
| Faceted search and metadata driven search | Planned | No | Yes | Depends on the service |
| Relevance Ranking Control | Planned - our relevance ranking is already tuned to government needs, but we will be adding site-level controls | No | No | Depends on the service |
| Customer service | Yes | No | No | Depends on the service |
| SEO consultations available | Yes | No | No | Depends on the service |
| Authorized to Operate | [Yes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/security.html) | Ask your CISSO |  |
| Cost model | No charge | May be free for very small sites, costs increase based on query traffic | No cost for single-instance search, costs are associated with hosted Solr services or development effort | Fees usually based on the number of documents indexed and the number of queries received |

Commit message:

Several things
- Create Support page
- Move Status page from _posts to root
- create Status sidenav
- shorten the primary nav item text

about/why-choose-searchgov.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Why Choose Search.gov? 
tags: about-us features
date: March 4, 2021
last_modified_at: March 4, 2021
sidenav: about_us
---

Search.gov is a by-government, for-government search engine provided to federal agencies by the General Services Administration. We understand the needs and challenges that government web teams face. We've designed our service to meet you where you are.

This page gives a comparison of our service and other options in the marketplace. We look forward to working with you!

| Features | Search.gov | Major Search Engine Custom Search | Solr | Other Site Search Tools |
| :-- | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| Search your primary domain | [Yes]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/domains.html) | Yes | Yes | Yes |
| Search additional domains and servers | Yes | Yes | No\* | Yes |
| Search the full text of PDFs | Yes | Yes | No\* | Depends on the service |
| Search USAJOBS postings | [Yes]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/display/jobs-module.html) | No | No | No |
| Search Federal Register documents | [Yes]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/display/federal-register-module.html) | No | No | No |
| Search RSS feed content | [Yes]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/rss.html) | No | No | No |
| Search social media content ([Twitter]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/twitter/.html), [images]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/flickr.html), [YouTube]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/youtube.html) | Yes | No | No | No |
| Is developer assistance required? | No\+ | No | No\* | Depends on the service |
| Faceted search and metadata driven search | Planned | No | Yes | Depends on the service |
| Relevance Ranking Control | Planned\+\+ | No | No | Depends on the service |
| Customer service | Yes | No | No | Depends on the service |
| SEO consultations available | Yes | No | No | Depends on the service |
| Authorized to Operate | [Yes]({{ site.baseurl }}/about/security.html) | Ask your CISSO | Ask your CISSO | Ask your CISSO |
| Cost model | No cost | Query volume | No cost\*\*  | Size of index + query volume |

\* Some features are only available with Solr if you buy a hosted Solr service or you manage a crawler stack in-house

\*\* Solr search is available at no cost for uncustomized, single-instance search. Costs are associated with hosted Solr services or development effort.

\+ Search.gov allows web teams to manage their search configurations without running changes through developer teams. If you would like to use our Results API to pull results and display them within your website's template, this would require developer assistance to establish and maintain the API calls, and to design and build the search results page.

\+\+ Our relevance ranking is already tuned to government needs, but we will be adding site-level controls.
