admin-center/activate/typeahead-api.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Displaying Type-ahead Suggestions on Your Agency's Website
category: admin-center
tags: api activate-search autocomplete
date: October 26, 2017
last_modified_at: October 26, 2017
sidenav: admin_center
redirect_from:
    - /manual/typeahead-api.html
---

**_Note_**: this information is for customers who wish to display type-ahead (autocomplete) suggestions on their agency's website. If you are only looking to turn on type-ahead suggestions on your search results page, please review the instructions on our [Display Overview]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/display/display-overview.html#modules) page.

There are two ways to get type-ahead suggestions to appear on your agency's website.

## JavaScript Snippet

We offer a JavaScript snippet that is placed on your pages before the closing `</body>` tag. 

You must be a Search.gov customer to use this feature. Full instructions and code can be found under [Admin Center](https://search.usa.gov/sites) > YourSite > Activate Search > Code Snippets.

The code will look similar to:

    <script type="text/javascript">
    //<![CDATA[
          var usasearch_config = { siteHandle:"YourSiteHandle" };
    
          var script = document.createElement("script");
          script.type = "text/javascript";
          script.src = "//search.usa.gov/javascripts/remote.loader.js";
          document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(script);
    
    //]]>
    </script>


## Type-ahead API 

The Type-ahead API exposes your site's type-ahead suggestions. Calling the API directly alllows you to show type-ahead suggestions without adding the JavaScript code.

This API is available for use on official government websites only. Instructions can be found on the API's [GSA Open API directory listing](https://open.gsa.gov/api/searchgov-suggestions/).

--- 
***Troubleshooting:*** Suggestions are derived from the searches performed on your website. For additional details, please review the [documentation](https://open.gsa.gov/api/searchgov-suggestions/).

Commit message:

MANY plain language review edits
- standardized to AP style for headings and bullet lists
- standardized to "typeahead" and "Search.gov" (when used as our name)
- added em and en dashes where appropriate in text blocks and lists
- removed i14y mentions from lists - pages will still be discoverable via search
- clarified a bunch of text
- some other changes that I discovered needed making along the way, e.g., added mention of the clicks API, moved Why Choose Search.gov to the About menu
- thanks to Ryan Johnson for the review

admin-center/activate/typeahead-api.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Displaying Typeahead Suggestions on Your Agency's Website
category: admin-center
tags: api activate-search autocomplete
date: October 26, 2017
last_modified_at: October 26, 2017
sidenav: admin_center
redirect_from:
    - /manual/typeahead-api.html
---

**_Note_**: this information is for customers who wish to display typeahead (autocomplete) suggestions on their agency's website. If you are only looking to turn on typeahead suggestions on your search results page, please review the instructions on our [Display Overview]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/display/display-overview.html#modules) page.

There are two ways to get typeahead suggestions to appear on your agency's website.

## JavaScript Snippet

We offer a JavaScript snippet that is placed on your pages before the closing `</body>` tag. 

You must be a Search.gov customer to use this feature. Full instructions and code can be found under [Admin Center](https://search.usa.gov/sites) > YourSite > Activate Search > Code Snippets.

The code will look similar to:

    <script type="text/javascript">
    //<![CDATA[
          var usasearch_config = { siteHandle:"YourSiteHandle" };
    
          var script = document.createElement("script");
          script.type = "text/javascript";
          script.src = "//search.usa.gov/javascripts/remote.loader.js";
          document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(script);
    
    //]]>
    </script>


## Typeahead API 

The typeahead API exposes your site's typeahead suggestions. Calling the API directly alllows you to show typeahead suggestions without adding the JavaScript code.

This API is available for use on official government websites only. Instructions can be found on the API's [GSA Open API directory listing](https://open.gsa.gov/api/searchgov-suggestions/).

--- 
***Troubleshooting:*** Suggestions are derived from the searches performed on your website. For additional details, please review the [documentation](https://open.gsa.gov/api/searchgov-suggestions/).
