---
layout: post
title: Search.gov Roadmap
crumbname: Roadmap
category: about
tags: roadmap
breadcrumbs:
  - label: Home
    url: /
  - label: About
---

## Overview

At Search.gov we aim to provide an excellent public search experience, a self-service search administration experience, and a rock-solid secure and compliant infrastructure to support it all, while keeping costs down across the government.

We know it’s helpful for our partners at federal agencies to know what’s coming up next, to support planning for your own web platforms. 

This roadmap shows what we are working on now, and what we plan to be working after that. We’ll update this roadmap quarterly.


## FY21, Q1: October - December 2020

### Now

* **Finalize click tracking in the Results API**
  * For customers using the results API, we are working to include more features that are available for our users who use the hosted results page. Soon we’ll have a way to feed click data into our analytics for your reporting needs, and it will also allow us to use that data as a ranking factor in our relevance algorithm.
* **Version Upgrades**
  * We will be upgrading our Elasticsearch and JQuery components to keep them up-to-date and lay the groundwork for more efficient performance and, eventually, great new search features.
* **Search.gov website redesign**
  * We will be testing new designs that align with the [US Web Design System](https://designsystem.digital.gov/), in accordance with the [21st Century IDEA](https://digital.gov/resources/21st-century-integrated-digital-experience-act/). Keep an eye out - we may reach out for help with usability testing!
* **Login.gov integration**
  * We are working to ensure a smoother Login.gov experience for our users.
* **Indexing improvements**
  * By improving pieces of the indexing process, we intend to help sites improve the search experience for end-users. Most of these improvements will be in the backend workflows of our system.

### Next

* **Development process improvements**
  * Update our system error diagnostics tooling
  * Clean out legacy code components
* **Results page redesign**
  * Preparation stage

### Later

* **Improving indexing for users without sitemaps**
* **Search query upgrades to support boolean operators and improve synonyms**
* **Results page redesign - searcher interface updates**
* **Cloud infrastructure improvements**
* **Security and Privacy**

If you have questions or comments, please feel free to [reach out](mailto:search@support.digitalgov.gov) to our team.

## Previous Roadmaps

* [FY20 Q4: July - September, 2020]({{ site.baseurl}}/about/roadmap-fy20q4.html)
* [FY20 Q3: April - June, 2020]({{ site.baseurl}}/about/roadmap-fy20q3.html)