---
layout: post
title: Search.gov Roadmap FY21Q4
crumbname: Roadmap FY21Q4
category: about
tags: roadmap
breadcrumbs:
  - label: Home
    url: /
  - label: About
---

## Overview

At Search.gov we aim to provide an excellent public search experience, a self-service search administration experience, and a rock-solid secure and compliant infrastructure to support it all, while keeping costs down across the government.

We know it’s helpful for our partners at federal agencies to know what’s coming up next, to support planning for your own web platforms. 

This roadmap shows what we are working on now, and what we plan to be working after that. We’ll update this roadmap quarterly.


## FY21, Q4: July - September 2021

### Now

* **Version Upgrades**
  * We will be upgrading our Rails and MySQL components to keep them up-to-date and compliant. 
* **Search.gov website redesign**
  * We will be launching a new design that aligns with the [US Web Design System](https://designsystem.digital.gov/), in accordance with the [21st Century IDEA](https://digital.gov/resources/21st-century-integrated-digital-experience-act/). The new site includes improved navigation and expanded documentation.
* **Results page redesign** 
  * We are completing the removal of the legacy code in preparation for the new design, as well as scoping and planning the redesign effort. 
* **Continuity of Operations Plan Improvements** 
  * We are taking steps to bolster our system's resiliance and reliability.
* **Indexing Workflow Improvements** 
  * We are making some backend improvements to our indexing workflows to better support our customers lacking sitemaps.

### Next

* **Results page redesign**
  * Continue work on the new design
* **Version Upgrades**
  * Continue work on upgrading Elasticsearch
* **Indexing Infrastructure Improvements**
  * Addressing common indexing issues and improving our automated indexing processes 

### Later

* **Indexing Improvements for Non-Standard Sites**
* **Results Page Redesign Rollout**
* **Security and Privacy Improvements**

If you have questions or comments, please feel free to [reach out](mailto:search@support.digitalgov.gov) to our team.

## Previous Roadmaps

* [FY21 Q3: April - June 2021]({{ site.baseurl}}/about/FY21Q3-roadmap.html)
* [FY21 Q2: January - March 2021]({{ site.baseurl}}/about/FY21Q2-roadmap.html)
* [FY21 Q1: October - December 2020]({{ site.baseurl}}/about/FY21Q1-roadmap.html)
* [FY20 Q4: July - September, 2020]({{ site.baseurl}}/about/FY20Q4-roadmap.html)