---
layout: post
title: Search.gov Roadmap
crumbname: Roadmap
category: about
tags: roadmap
breadcrumbs:
  - label: Home
    url: /
  - label: About
---

## Overview

At Search.gov we aim to provide an excellent public search experience, a self-service search administration experience, and a rock-solid secure and compliant infrastructure to support it all, while keeping costs down across the government.

We know it’s helpful for our partners at federal agencies to know what’s coming up next, to support planning for your own web platforms. 

This roadmap shows what we are working on now, and what we plan to be working after that. We’ll update this roadmap quarterly.


## FY21, Q2: January - March 2021

### Now

* **Version Upgrades**
  * We will be upgrading our Elasticsearch and Ruby components to keep them up-to-date and compliant. 
* **Search.gov website redesign**
  * We will be launching a new design that aligns with the [US Web Design System](https://designsystem.digital.gov/), in accordance with the [21st Century IDEA](https://digital.gov/resources/21st-century-integrated-digital-experience-act/). We are excited for your feedback!
* **Search.gov Search Results Page (SERP) Redesign**
  * We will begin the early stages of scoping out the work required to upgrade the SERP and decommission out-of-date variants of the out-of-the-box experience.
* **Indexing improvements**
  * We are fixing our indexing on the back-end to support non-standard site structures.
* **Continuity of Operations Plan Improvements** 
  * We are taking steps to bolster our system's resiliance and reliability.

### Next

* **Development process improvements**
  * Streamline our deployment process
  * Update our system error diagnostics tooling
  * Clean out legacy code components
* **Results page redesign**
  * Begin work to decommision legacy SERP and build out new design

### Later

* **Indexing Improvements for Non-Standard Sites**
* **Adding Features to Results API**
* **Results Page Redesign Rollout**
* **Security and Privacy Improvements**

If you have questions or comments, please feel free to [reach out](mailto:search@support.digitalgov.gov) to our team.

## Previous Roadmaps

* [FY21 Q1: October - December 2020]({{ site.baseurl}}/about/fy21q1-roadmap.html)
* [FY20 Q4: July - September, 2020]({{ site.baseurl}}/about/fy20q4-roadmap.html)
* [FY20 Q3: April - June, 2020]({{ site.baseurl}}/about/fy20q3-roadmap.html)