---
layout: post
category: releases
title: May 2023 Release Notes
filename-custom: may-2023
last_modified_at: 
sidenav: about_us
release-year: "2023"
description: "Release notes for May 2023, including several improvements and one fix."
---
## Improvements

* **Results Page Redesign**: We’ve continued progress on updating our frontend components.
  * We added a button to the Admin Center to allow users to preview the new results page design. To find it, log into the [Admin Center](https://search.usa.gov/sites) > Display > Redesigned Display.
  * We began work to update the user interface to manage the redesigned display settings in the Admin Center.
  * We added search term highlighting for the result snippet text.
  * We’ve added pagination in our results page redesign. We’ll show up to 500 pages of results.
  * We added Text Best Bets to the redesigned results page.
* **Faceted Search**: We renamed a previous feature in our Admin Center from “Facets” to “Search Tabs” to clarify the function’s purpose ahead of introducing true faceted search management functions to our interface.
* **Results matching improvements**: We have completed research and initial modeling to update how we match search terms with document text, specifically related to alphanumeric strings, for example form numbers or policy numbers.
* **Codebase improvements**: We have continued to improve our codebase approaches to ensure clean running and error handling.Indexing improvements: We updated several back-end processes to ensure smoother operations.
* **Containerization**: Added new services to the existing container config to have the option to run all applications in containers in our development environment. 
* **Infrastructure**: 
  * We implemented improvements to our operating system.
  * We upgraded our Lambda node version.
  * We updated gems across our apps as needed to maintain a secure environment.

## Fixes

* Fixed a bug that hid search analytics from the admin center.
