---
layout: post
category: releases
title: September 2023 release notes
filename-custom: september-2023
last_modified_at: 2023-10-20
sidenav: about_us
release-year: "2023"
description: "Release notes for September 2023, including upgrades."
---
## Improvements

* **Results Page Redesign**: We’ve continued progress on updating our frontend components.
  * We connected backend data to the user interface for several features:
    * Related searches 
    * Search page alert
    * Collections
  * We added controls to the Admin Center for the colors used on the new results page.
  * We added the ability to control image assets on the redesign display page. These image assets now contain a favicon, header logo, header logo alt text, identifier logo, and identifier logo alt text.
  * We added the ability to choose the layout of the header on the new results page. The default will be USWDS Extended, with the option to choose USWDS Basic.
  * We added our multilingual search support to the new results page, so the system text on the page matches the language the user is using.
  * We built the user interface for some types of search results:
    * Jobs 
    * RSS news
    * Videos
    * The "no results" alert 
* **Results matching improvements**: 
  * We created a dictionary that uses the distances in the Spacey model. This will bring together the relationships between words and alphanumeric strings to the search terms. 
* **Updates,upgrades,and other codebase improvements**: 
  * We added Haitian Creole localizations to our set of supported languages, so system text can be properly displayed in that language. 
  * We updated the SLS certificate for one of our components. 
  * We updated our Adobe/css tools to the latest version.
   

## Fixes

* We resolved certain error messages in the database.
   
