---
layout: post
category: releases
title: November 2023 release notes
filename-custom: November-2023
last_modified_at: 2023-12-27
sidenav: about_us
release-year: "2023"
description: "Release notes for November 2023, including upgrades."
---
## Improvements

* **Results Page Redesign**: We’ve continued progress on updating our frontend components.
  * We connected backend data to the user interface for several features:
    * Search tabs navigation
    * Video page
    * Spelling suggestions
    * Sitelimit parameter alert
    * Identifier section
    * Footer links
    * Search page alert
    * Images search page
    * Related searches 
  * We updated the referrer policy so that the customer can see the site handle and query term the person that is coming from the hosted SERP.
  * We fixed the vertical navigation component for mobile view. Searchers will be able to more easily resize the window and still be able to view the menu.  
  * We added the ability for the customer to see the vertical navigation menu close when they click outside of the menu. 
  * We resolved for the SERP pages to pass automated accessibility testing. This will ensure the pages are accessibility compliant. 
  * We removed the navigation text, link, and link color visited form fields. Customers will not be able to set those color elements in the redesigned SERP.    
  * We updated the application controller to re-enable the redesign parameter. This allows customers the ability to easily access the redesign.
  * We added the ability for the admin team to control whether a site uses the new or old SERP. The addition gives the admin team the ability to easily bulk when ready to decommission the old SERP. 
* **Results matching improvements**: 
  * We completed training and refining the Spacy model.
  * We completed our investigation on how to increase the speed of the Scrapy scripts. 
* **Updates,upgrades,and other codebase improvements**: 
  * To prepare our readiness for ATO, we collected artifacts and updated documentation to reflect our existing architecture.
  * We updated our cookbooks to remove unused code. 

   

## Fixes

* We added a policy to terraform which will help reduce errors when removing or adding images.   

