---
layout: post
category: releases
title: August 2023 release notes
filename-custom: august-2023
last_modified_at: 2023-09-29
sidenav: about_us
release-year: "2023"
description: "Release notes for August 2023, including several improvements and two fixes."
---
## Improvements

* **Results Page Redesign**: We’ve continued progress on updating our frontend components.
  * We connected backend data to the user interface for our related sites feature.  
  * We renamed the new "Redesigned Display" page  to "Visual design (new)", and added guidance and navigation tabs.
  * We added the ability to control font settings on the new results page. These settings now offer the option to use one font for the page header and a different font for the results body and footer sections.
  * We prepared the backend data for [related sites]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/display/display-overview.html#related-sites), [videos]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/youtube.html)
, [RSS feeds]({{ site.baseurl }}//admin-center/content/rss.html), and the custom [no results page]({{ site.baseurl }}//admin-center/display/no-results.html) guidance. 
  * We implemented the user interface for some types of search results, for Jobs, No Results, RSS Feed, and Videos.
* **Results matching improvements**: 
  * We continued progress with looking at alphanumeric strings, by optimizing the Spacy model creation to locate alphanumeric strings correctly. 
  * We added a Python testing suite to our data collector to prepare for future testing.
  * We developed a crawler script to identify batches of documents to process through the Spacy model.
* **Spider investigations**:
  * We are now able to compare the crawl outputs of Scrapy with the same task executed in a local crawler app. This will help us with the decision about whether to use Scrapy as part of our automated content discovery methods. 
* **Updates, upgrades, and other codebase improvements**:
  * We began implementing MFA for Kibana using GSA SecureAuth. 
  * We patched Elasticsearch. 
  * We upgraded Rails on one of our repos and our version of jQuery UI.
  * We updated some gem versions and removed outdated gems, replacing them with new ones as appropriate. We created a new RDS snapshot for staging. We updated Terraform and monitoring configurations for  ASIS and i14y in our cookbooks. 

## Fixes

* We effectively investigated and resolved certain error messages in the database.
* We fixed our Java install process. 
