---
layout: post
category: releases
title: July 2023 Release Notes
filename-custom: july-2023
last_modified_at: 2023-08-30
sidenav: about_us
release-year: "2023"
description: "Release notes for July 2023, including several improvements and one fix."
---
## Improvements

* **Results Page Redesign**: We’ve continued progress on updating our frontend components.
  * We prepared the backend data for Images Search Page and RSS feeds.  
  * We implemented the user interface for some types of search results:
    * Federal Register documents
    * Health topics
    * RSS Feed 
    * Videos
  * We implemented the user interface for our Search page alert feature.
  * We began internationalization for the new results page.
* **Results matching improvements**: 
  * We continued progress looking at alphanumeric strings, such as form numbers or policy numbers. This will support searchers looking for things like a “DD 214,” but searching for “DD214” - a subtle but technically challenging difference.  
  * We built an AI model, and new staging infrastructure to support training the model.
* **Spider investigations**:
  * We continued our investigation of open source spidering tools and features.
* **Updates, upgrades, and other codebase improvements**:
  * We completed planning for upgrading Rails on the rest of our sub-applications.
  * We completed scrubbing certain controlled unclassified information (CUI) from our search log archives. This data is sometimes entered by searchers as query terms. Proactive scrubbing for newly searched-for CUI has long been in place.
  * We upgraded Sidekiq and Jest to the latest versions.
  * We updated Terraform, our SSL certificate, gems, and security agents. 
  * We began expanding our encryption posture to include components not connected to the internet.

## Fixes

* We investigated and resolved queries to a backend data interface that were timing out for larger domains.
