---
layout: post
category: releases
title: June 2023 Release Notes
filename-custom: june-2023
last_modified_at: 
sidenav: about_us
release-year: "2023"
description: "Release notes for June 2023, including several improvements and one fix."
---
## Improvements

* **Results Page Redesign**: We've continued progress on updating our frontend components.
  * We built the [Graphics Best Bets](https://search.gov/admin-center/content/best-bets.html#best-bets-graphics) component for the new results page.
  * We added term-match highlighting to the backend data for results snippets.
  * We made sure that long URLs and descriptions display in a user-friendly manner.
  * We prepared backend data for some types of search results:
    * Jobs 
    * Federal Register documents
    * Health topics
* **Indexing improvements**: Our system now prioritizes customer requests for reindexing over general index maintenance.
* **Results matching improvements**: In this phase we are looking at alphanumeric strings, such as form numbers or policy numbers. We created a Levenstein model that will identify variations on strings that are "close enough" to consider matches. For example, "DD 214" and "DD214."
* **Codebase improvements**: 
  * We deprecated our Twitter integration.
  * We cleaned up some code that was generating errors.
  * We removed the last pieces of code related to our deprecated Google integration.
* **Containerization**: We containerized a component of our development environment.
* **Infrastructure**: 
  * We improved our secrets management.
  * We improved our firewall posture.
  * We improved the performance of some of our security agents.
  * We updated gems across our apps, as needed, to maintain a secure environment.

## Fixes

* We completed some privacy-related tidying up.
