---
layout: post
category: releases
title: December 2023 release notes
filename-custom: December-2023
last_modified_at: 2024-01-25
sidenav: about_us
release-year: "2023"
description: "Release notes for December 2023, including upgrades."
---
## Improvements

* **Results Page Redesign**: We’ve continued progress on updating our frontend components.
  * We connected backend data to the user interface for several features:
    * RSS feed page 
    * No results
    * Video page
    * SERP header with dynamic logo and title
    * Results and footer font
    * Colors
    * Search results count
    * File type
    * Image assests
  * We added the ability to allow the customers to see how many results are returned for related content. 
  * The affiliate logo url and title is now available on SERP. 
  * We’ve pluralized content found on the Federal register documents. 
  * We updated the default “best bets background color” and “results title link visited color” values on our database. This will ensure the values are correct.
* **Results matching improvements**
  * We continued investigations on how to run scrapy independently in a daemon.
  * Continued progression with running the SpacyModel trainer against staging copy of production data set. 
* **Updates,upgrades,and other codebase improvements**: 
  * We addressed all findings listed in a weekly report, in continuation for our ATO period, as well as, updated our SSPP and provided the associated artifacts. 
  * We updated our cookbooks to remove unused code.
  * We updated our api TLS certification.

   

## Fixes

* We investigated and corrected React development warnings on our staging and production environments.
* We looked into and corrected why resque-scheduler wasn’t running on our staging environment.
     

