about/policy/govt-urls.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Government Domains Outside .Gov and .Mil
last_modified_at: March 11, 2022
redirect_from:
  - /developer/govt-urls.html
  - /developer/govturls.html
sidenav: about_us
date: March 11, 2022
tags: seo policy government-urls
category: developer
---
## Overview

Most U.S. government websites end in .gov or .mil, but some end in .com, .org, .net, or other top-level domains. To enhance discoverability and public trust, we maintain a [list](https://github.com/GSA/govt-urls/) of known government domains that *don't* end in .gov or .mil. Federal executive branch agencies must ensure their non-.gov or .mil domains are on the list. Read more in the [Federal Zero Trust Strategy](https://zerotrust.cyber.gov/federal-zero-trust-strategy/#4-safely-making-applications-internet-accessible) and [Policies for Federal Agency Public Websites and Digital Services](https://www.whitehouse.gov/wp-content/uploads/legacy_drupal_files/omb/memoranda/2017/m-17-06.pdf#page=11).

The list is used by several U.S. government services, including USA.gov to support their all-of-government search, and the .gov registry to support an inventory of government domains.

Anyone can [submit](#non-gov-domain-collector) a domain to the list.

## What domains are in scope of this list?

All non-.gov and non-.mil domain names registered by your agency, or by a contractor on behalf of your agency, must be included in this list. This includes domains that aren't even used on the internet but are merely registered.

| **Domain Description** | **Example** |
|------------------------|-------------|
| Registered to facilitate redirects | * **agency.com** which may redirect to agency.gov |
| Serve some infrastructure purpose, even if not public-facing | * **agencyapi.com** <br /> * **agency-dashboard.net** |
| Registered by a contractor on behalf of the agency | * **agencycampaignsite.us** |
| Registered long ago and is not expired | * **legacyagency.org** |
| Registered to prevent others from obtaining it (sometimes called "defensive registrations", which includes "typo" domains) | * **ouragency.com** <br /> * **0uragency.com** <br /> * **houragency.com** |

Do not add individual subdomains or hostnames within that domain. For example, report *agency.com*, but do not also report *saas.agency.com*.

Report a "subdomain" if (1) your agency has a domain registered on a country-code top-level domain (or other "[public suffixes](https://publicsuffix.org/)") or (2) your agency publishes federal information on nongovernmental domains that you do not operate.

| **Domain Description** | **Example** |
|------------------------|-------------|
| Registered on a country-code top level domain | * **us-agency.org.uk** |
| Subdomains publishing federal information | * **exampleagency.university.edu** |

### Domains registered by grantees

Generally, report a domain if it is registered pursuant to the terms of a grant and used for federal purposes, but do not report domains registered by grantees which your agency does not oversee or technologically support.

## What domains are out of scope of this list?

This list **excludes** the domains of third-party online services where the agency is merely a user or a customer, not the domain's registrant.

| **Domain Description** | **Example** |
| -----------------------|-------------|
| Software-as-a-service sites | * **agency-my.sharepoint.com** <br /> * **agency-service.slack.com** |
| Cloud-managed resources | * **s3.amazonaws.com** |
| Social media sites | * **twitter.com** <br /> * **linkedin.com** |
| Code repositories | * **github.com/agency** |

## How to Update the List

1.  **Gather domain names**. Domains are sometimes confused for "websites", so consider asking for a "list of websites/domain registrations we manage" from the following types of roles:

    a.  External affairs, web publishing, or press team

    b.  DNS managers, network/security operations

    c.  Budget or accounting teams who might process domain registration payments to registrars like GoDaddy, Network Solutions, Namecheap, etc.

> If you have questions about whether a certain domain should be included, [open an issue](https://github.com/GSA/govt-urls/issues) in Github or [email us](mailto:search@support.digitalgov.gov).

2.  **Send your updates.** We will review all submissions before including them on the list.

-   For *multiple additions* or any *changes:*

    -   [Open an issue](https://github.com/GSA/govt-urls/issues) in GitHub. No technical knowledge or code is required, but a GitHub account is. You can also open pull requests.

    -   Submit bulk changes [via email](mailto:search@support.digitalgov.gov) using our [template]({{ site_baseurl }}/files/non-gov-submission-template.xlsx) (.xlsx).

-   For *single additions*, use this form:

{: #non-gov-domain-collector }

<br />  

<script src="https://touchpoints.app.cloud.gov/touchpoints/3ff8b6de.js" async></script><div id="non-gov-domain-collector"></div>

### What's Included in the List?

* Federal, state, local, [tribal](https://www.bia.gov/service/tribal-leaders-directory), commonwealth, and territorial government agency websites.
* [Federal reserve banks and branches](https://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/federal-reserve-system.htm).
* [Federal home loan banks](http://www.fhlbanks.com/).
* Libraries, archives, and museums, including [Presidential libraries](https://www.archives.gov/presidential-libraries/).
* Department of Defense websites for [recruiting](https://www.defense.gov/Resources/Military-Departments/DOD-Websites/category/Recruiting/) and [service academies](https://www.defense.gov/Resources/Military-Departments/DOD-Websites/category/Academy/).
* [Travel and tourism](https://www.usa.gov/state-travel-and-tourism) websites for states and U.S. territories.
* State lotteries.
* [Cooperative extensions](https://nifa.usda.gov/land-grant-colleges-and-universities-partner-website-directory?state=All&type=Extension).
* [Combined federal campaigns](https://www.opm.gov/combined-federal-campaign/find-local-campaigns/#url=CFC-Zones).
* [Government sponsored enterprises](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Government-sponsored_enterprise#List_of_GSEs) (such as Fannie Mae).
* Federal and state retirement systems.
* Task forces (such as the Preventive Services Task Force) and commissions (such as the 9/11 Commission).
* A few select, non-government organizations (such as the Red Cross) and public-private partnerships.

### What's Not Included in This List?

* .gov domains &ndash; these are managed by the [.gov Registry](https://home.dotgov.gov).
* .mil domains &ndash; these are managed by [DOD](https://www.defense.gov/Resources/Military-Departments/DOD-Websites/).
* Subdomains or folders that are already covered by a higher-level domain.
* State institutions of higher education or their board of regents.
* K-12 school districts.
* Local chambers of commerce or visitor bureaus.
* Nonprofit municipal leagues or councils of government officials.
* Nonprofit historical societies.
* Transit authorities.

Commit message:

Fix drafting error, singularize public suffix

about/policy/govt-urls.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Government Domains Outside .Gov and .Mil
last_modified_at: March 11, 2022
redirect_from:
  - /developer/govt-urls.html
  - /developer/govturls.html
sidenav: about_us
date: March 11, 2022
tags: seo policy government-urls
category: developer
---
## Overview

Most U.S. government websites end in .gov or .mil, but some end in .com, .org, .net, or other top-level domains. To enhance discoverability and public trust, we maintain a [list](https://github.com/GSA/govt-urls/) of known government domains that *don't* end in .gov or .mil. Federal executive branch agencies must ensure their non-.gov or .mil domains are on the list. Read more in the [Federal Zero Trust Strategy](https://zerotrust.cyber.gov/federal-zero-trust-strategy/#4-safely-making-applications-internet-accessible) and [Policies for Federal Agency Public Websites and Digital Services](https://www.whitehouse.gov/wp-content/uploads/legacy_drupal_files/omb/memoranda/2017/m-17-06.pdf#page=11).

The list is used by several U.S. government services, including USA.gov to support their all-of-government search, and the .gov registry to support an inventory of government domains.

Anyone can [submit](#non-gov-domain-collector) a domain to the list.

## What domains are in scope of this list?

All non-.gov and non-.mil domain names registered by your agency, or by a contractor on behalf of your agency, must be included in this list. This includes domains that aren't even used on the internet but are merely registered.

| **Domain Description** | **Example** |
|------------------------|-------------|
| Registered to facilitate redirects | * **agency.com** which may redirect to agency.gov |
| Serve some infrastructure purpose, even if not public-facing | * **agencyapi.com** <br /> * **agency-dashboard.net** |
| Registered by a contractor on behalf of the agency | * **agencycampaignsite.us** |
| Registered long ago and is not expired | * **legacyagency.org** |
| Registered to prevent others from obtaining it (sometimes called "defensive registrations", which includes "typo" domains) | * **ouragency.com** <br /> * **0uragency.com** <br /> * **houragency.com** |

Do not add individual subdomains or hostnames within a domain that's already on the list. For example, report *agency.com*, but do not also report *saas.agency.com*.

Report a "subdomain" if (1) your agency has a domain registered on a country-code top-level domain (or other "[public suffix](https://publicsuffix.org/)") or (2) your agency publishes federal information on nongovernmental domains that you do not operate.

| **Domain Description** | **Example** |
|------------------------|-------------|
| Registered on a country-code top level domain | * **us-agency.org.uk** |
| Subdomains publishing federal information | * **exampleagency.university.edu** |

### Domains registered by grantees

Generally, report a domain if it is registered pursuant to the terms of a grant and used for federal purposes, but do not report domains registered by grantees which your agency does not oversee or technologically support.

## What domains are out of scope of this list?

This list **excludes** the domains of third-party online services where the agency is merely a user or a customer, not the domain's registrant.

| **Domain Description** | **Example** |
| -----------------------|-------------|
| Software-as-a-service sites | * **agency-my.sharepoint.com** <br /> * **agency-service.slack.com** |
| Cloud-managed resources | * **s3.amazonaws.com** |
| Social media sites | * **twitter.com** <br /> * **linkedin.com** |
| Code repositories | * **github.com/agency** |

## How to Update the List

1.  **Gather domain names**. Domains are sometimes confused for "websites", so consider asking for a "list of websites/domain registrations we manage" from the following types of roles:

    a.  External affairs, web publishing, or press team

    b.  DNS managers, network/security operations

    c.  Budget or accounting teams who might process domain registration payments to registrars like GoDaddy, Network Solutions, Namecheap, etc.

> If you have questions about whether a certain domain should be included, [open an issue](https://github.com/GSA/govt-urls/issues) in Github or [email us](mailto:search@support.digitalgov.gov).

2.  **Send your updates.** We will review all submissions before including them on the list.

-   For *multiple additions* or any *changes:*

    -   [Open an issue](https://github.com/GSA/govt-urls/issues) in GitHub. No technical knowledge or code is required, but a GitHub account is. You can also open pull requests.

    -   Submit bulk changes [via email](mailto:search@support.digitalgov.gov) using our [template]({{ site_baseurl }}/files/non-gov-submission-template.xlsx) (.xlsx).

-   For *single additions*, use this form:

{: #non-gov-domain-collector }

<br />  

<script src="https://touchpoints.app.cloud.gov/touchpoints/3ff8b6de.js" async></script><div id="non-gov-domain-collector"></div>

### What's Included in the List?

* Federal, state, local, [tribal](https://www.bia.gov/service/tribal-leaders-directory), commonwealth, and territorial government agency websites.
* [Federal reserve banks and branches](https://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/federal-reserve-system.htm).
* [Federal home loan banks](http://www.fhlbanks.com/).
* Libraries, archives, and museums, including [Presidential libraries](https://www.archives.gov/presidential-libraries/).
* Department of Defense websites for [recruiting](https://www.defense.gov/Resources/Military-Departments/DOD-Websites/category/Recruiting/) and [service academies](https://www.defense.gov/Resources/Military-Departments/DOD-Websites/category/Academy/).
* [Travel and tourism](https://www.usa.gov/state-travel-and-tourism) websites for states and U.S. territories.
* State lotteries.
* [Cooperative extensions](https://nifa.usda.gov/land-grant-colleges-and-universities-partner-website-directory?state=All&type=Extension).
* [Combined federal campaigns](https://www.opm.gov/combined-federal-campaign/find-local-campaigns/#url=CFC-Zones).
* [Government sponsored enterprises](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Government-sponsored_enterprise#List_of_GSEs) (such as Fannie Mae).
* Federal and state retirement systems.
* Task forces (such as the Preventive Services Task Force) and commissions (such as the 9/11 Commission).
* A few select, non-government organizations (such as the Red Cross) and public-private partnerships.

### What's Not Included in This List?

* .gov domains &ndash; these are managed by the [.gov Registry](https://home.dotgov.gov).
* .mil domains &ndash; these are managed by [DOD](https://www.defense.gov/Resources/Military-Departments/DOD-Websites/).
* Subdomains or folders that are already covered by a higher-level domain.
* State institutions of higher education or their board of regents.
* K-12 school districts.
* Local chambers of commerce or visitor bureaus.
* Nonprofit municipal leagues or councils of government officials.
* Nonprofit historical societies.
* Transit authorities.
