admin-center/display/hosted-vs-api-results.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Which Search.gov results page solution is right for you?
tags: display brand api
date: September 15, 2020
last_modified_at: April 6, 2021
sidenav: admin_center
---

After you get your [search site set up]({{ site.baseurl }}/get-started/site-launch-guide.html) and we have your content indexed, it’s time to think about how you want to display the search results to your users.
 
We offer a [hosted search results page]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/display/), which allows you to configure the look and feel of the results page using our Admin Center interface. We recommend you use the hosted results page because all our features are available and maintained over time. Searchers will have a good experience with no developer effort on the agency’s part.
 
We also offer a [Results API](https://open.gsa.gov/api/searchgov-results/). To use this API, you'll need developers to develop a results page template within your website’s environment in order to display results. We also recommend you plan to implement our [Clicks API](https://open.gsa.gov/api/searchgov-clicks/), to use alongside the Results API.

| Analytics Features | Available on Hosted Search Results Page? | Available in Results API? |
| :-- | :--: | :--: |
| [Query tracking]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/analytics/queries.html) to see what people searched for on your website | Yes | Yes |
| [Click tracking]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/analytics/clicks.html) to see what people clicked on from the results pages | Yes | Yes - requires a [secondary API call](https://open.gsa.gov/api/searchgov-clicks/) |
| [Referrer tracking]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/analytics/referrers.html) to see where people were when they ran their searches | Yes | No |

| Content Features | Available on Hosted Search Results Page? | Available in Results API? |
| :-- | :--: | :--: |
| [Domains]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/domains.html) to search by default | Yes | Yes |
| [Collections]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/collections.html) to search alternative locations | Yes | No |
| [Best Bets]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/best-bets.html) - Text and Graphics options, to post recommended items at the top of results | Yes | Yes |
| [Routed Queries]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/routed-queries.html) to send searchers to specific pages | Yes | Yes - requires additional logic |
| [RSS Feeds]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/rss.html) - document search | Yes | Yes - requires separate endpoint call |
| [YouTube Videos]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/youtube.html) | Yes | Yes - requires separate endpoint call |
| [Twitter]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/twitter.html) | Yes | Yes |
| [Flickr]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/flickr.html) | Yes | No |
| [MRSS Feeds]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/rss.html) - image search | Yes | No |
| [Jobs]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/display/jobs-module.html) | Yes | Yes |
| [Federal Register Documents]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/display/federal-register-module.html) | Yes | Yes |
| [Health Topics]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/display/health-module.html) | Yes | Yes |

Commit message:

Dawnpm plain language review fixes (#70)
* MANY plain language review edits
- standardized to AP style for headings and bullet lists
- standardized to "typeahead" and "Search.gov" (when used as our name)
- added em and en dashes where appropriate in text blocks and lists
- removed i14y mentions from lists - pages will still be discoverable via search
- clarified a bunch of text
- some other changes that I discovered needed making along the way, e.g., added mention of the clicks API, moved Why Choose Search.gov to the About menu
- thanks to Ryan Johnson for the review
* attempt to force rebuild - just added a line break
* update security page - Finalize security page text
* tiny fixes
- remove double period
- add line break
- add line break to try to get the repo to realize the file is there

* reverting - adding a line didn't get the repo to find the file. boo hiss. the menu
* Update display index page
* Delete .DS_Store
* fix robots.txt title
* Delete .DS_Store

Co-authored-by: Amani Farooque <amani.farooque@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Amani Farooque <amani.farooque@gsa.gov>

admin-center/display/hosted-vs-api-results.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Results Page Feature Comparison: Hosted Vs. API"
tags: display brand api
date: September 15, 2020
last_modified_at: April 6, 2021
sidenav: admin_center
---

After you get your [search site set up]({{ site.baseurl }}/get-started/site-launch-guide.html) and we have your content indexed, it’s time to think about how you want to display the search results to your users. We offer two options:
 
**[Hosted Search Results]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/display/)** &mdash; *Recommended!*
  * Configure the branding, fonts, and colors of the results page using our Admin Center interface.
  * All our search features are available and maintained over time.
  * No developer effort on your agency’s part.

**[Search Results API](https://open.gsa.gov/api/searchgov-results/)**
  * To use this API to display results in your website's frame, you'll need developers to create a results page template in your environment .
  * You should also implement our [Clicks API](https://open.gsa.gov/api/searchgov-clicks/) to use alongside the Results API &mdash; this API reports click activity to our system and will complete your search analytics.
  * For searchers to use new search features we introduce over time, your developers will need to update your environment's results page template.

| Analytics Features | Available on Hosted Search Results Page? | Available in Results API? |
| :-- | :--: | :--: |
| [Query Tracking]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/analytics/queries.html) to see what people searched for on your website | Yes | Yes |
| [Click Tracking]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/analytics/clicks.html) to see what people clicked on from the results pages | Yes | Yes &mdash; requires a [secondary API call](https://open.gsa.gov/api/searchgov-clicks/) |
| [Referrer Tracking]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/analytics/referrers.html) to see where people were when they ran their searches | Yes | No |

| Content Features | Available on Hosted Search Results Page? | Available in Results API? |
| :-- | :--: | :--: |
| [Domains]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/domains.html) to search by default | Yes | Yes |
| [Collections]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/collections.html) to search alternative locations | Yes | No |
| [Best Bets]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/best-bets.html) &mdash; Text and Graphics options, to post recommended items at the top of results | Yes | Yes |
| [Routed Queries]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/routed-queries.html) to send searchers to specific pages | Yes | Yes &mdash; requires additional logic |
| [RSS Feeds]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/rss.html) &mdash; document search | Yes | Yes &mdash; requires separate endpoint call |
| [YouTube Videos]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/youtube.html) | Yes | Yes &mdash; requires separate endpoint call |
| [Twitter]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/twitter.html) | Yes | Yes |
| [Flickr]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/flickr.html) | Yes | No |
| [MRSS Feeds]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/content/rss.html) &mdash; image search | Yes | No |
| [Jobs]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/display/jobs-module.html) | Yes | Yes |
| [Federal Register Documents]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/display/federal-register-module.html) | Yes | Yes |
| [Health Topics]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/display/health-module.html) | Yes | Yes |
