admin-center/dashboard/users.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Managing Your Site's Users
category: admin-center
tags: help-manual dashboard users
date: August 10, 2018
last_modified_at: August 10, 2018
sidenav: admin_center
redirect_from:
    - /manual/users.html
---

Find it in the Admin Center: [Search.gov Home]({{ site.baseurl }}/index.html) > [Admin Center](https://search.usa.gov/sites/) > YourSite > Dashboard > Manage Users

After you've [logged in](https://search.usa.gov/sites/) and [added a site]({{ site.baseurl }}/manual/add-site.html) with your official government email, you can add your coworkers to your site.

You can add anyone you'd like to your site&mdash;with or without a .gov or .mil email address. Email addresses outside the .gov or .mil domains must be associated with a business. Personal emails, such as @gmail.com or @yahoo.com, are not allowed.

![Add a user](https://d3qcdigd1fhos0.cloudfront.net/blog/img/user.png){:height="95%" width="95%"}

We use [color coding]({{ site.baseurl }}/manual/color-codes.html) to indicate each user's status. 

| Color | Status | 
| :------------ | :---------------------------------- |
| No color&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Approved&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |
| Yellow  | Pending email verification: user must verify their email address via the introductory email they received from our system |
| Yellow  | Pending approval: requires manual approval by the Search.gov team |
| Red   | Not approved: to regain access, the user must be manually re-approved by the Search.gov team |

---

***Did you know?*** We recommend adding a generic email account (such as webteam@agency.gov) as a user to ensure ongoing access to your account as individuals come and go.

Commit message:

Add policy page text, update internal link structure, update Site Links lists, add crazy egg (#41)
* Several changes

- Add policy page text
- Add system status link
- Add links to header buttons
- Adjust site-links lists

* remove failed attempt

* Add crazy egg, update link structure

* More changes

- fix links better
- change agency.gov to example.gov
- Activate section landing page

admin-center/dashboard/users.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Managing Your Site's Users
category: admin-center
tags: help-manual dashboard users
date: August 10, 2018
last_modified_at: August 10, 2018
sidenav: admin_center
redirect_from:
    - /manual/users.html
---

Find it in the Admin Center: [Search.gov Home]({{ site.baseurl }}/index.html) > [Admin Center](https://search.usa.gov/sites/) > YourSite > Dashboard > Manage Users

After you've [logged in](https://search.usa.gov/sites/) and [added a site]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/dashboard/add-site.html) with your official government email, you can add your coworkers to your site.

You can add anyone you'd like to your site&mdash;with or without a .gov or .mil email address. Email addresses outside the .gov or .mil domains must be associated with a business. Personal emails, such as @gmail.com or @yahoo.com, are not allowed.

![Add a user](https://d3qcdigd1fhos0.cloudfront.net/blog/img/user.png){:height="95%" width="95%"}

We use [color coding]({{ site.baseurl }}/admin-center/color-codes.html) to indicate each user's status. 

| Color | Status | 
| :------------ | :---------------------------------- |
| No color&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Approved&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |
| Yellow  | Pending email verification: user must verify their email address via the introductory email they received from our system |
| Yellow  | Pending approval: requires manual approval by the Search.gov team |
| Red   | Not approved: to regain access, the user must be manually re-approved by the Search.gov team |

---

***Pro Tip*** 

Group accounts, using emails such as webteam@example.gov, are not allowed through our authentication provider, Login.gov. Please make sure all individuals requiring access are added separately as users.
